---
layout: post
title: Grammar
---

**Conlanging** refers to the creation process of **constructed languages** or **conlangs**. Examples of constructed langauges include: Esperanto, Quenya, Dothraki, Lojban, or Klingon. A person who creates or constructs a language is a **conlanger** or **language creator**. The **Language Creation Society** is the premier commuinity for language creators, and [their site](https://conlang.org/) is a hub for conlangers, would-be conlangers, those interested in or curious about conlangs, and anything else to do with conlanging.

## Goals

Creating languages is my creative outlet. In an effort to digitize and document my creative works, I have begun to write comprehensive reference grammars and grammatical sketches for each. This serves the following purposes:

1. Document my creative works, and in a circular way, create for the sake of it. Language creation is an art, and is my principle creative outlet.
2. Explore linguistic features of world langauges. Language creation is an innovative way to encounter grammatical processes of world languages and read relevant linguistics literature in the process of devising mechanics for the created language. Documenting these features as they are relevant to the constructed language can in turn be used as teaching materials for the interested reader.
3. Turn these grammatical descriptions into useful resources for other langauge creators. Essentially, these grammars are meant to be exhaustively detailed to be available for language creators and be used as reference for linguistic phenomena.

## Language 1: _Ahāmatya_

## Language 2: _Eḥeithymme_

## Language 3: _Pselwō_
